There is a God in the heavens
who is a Revealer of secrets,
and he has made known
to King Nebuchadnezzar
what is to happen
in the final part of the days.
The divine dream
that Daniel interprets
for King Nebuchadnezzar
constitutes a prophecy
crucial for the lasting peace of mankind.
Jehovah knows the course of history
centuries, even millenniums, in advance.
And as the toes of the feet
were partly of iron and partly of clay,
so the kingdom will be partly strong
and partly fragile.
History has shown us how every type
of human government imaginable has failed.
It’s only Jehovah who has the ability
to guide humans to real, lasting peace.
He has led his people in the past.
So when he prophesies
that he’ll lead his people to real,
lasting peace in the future,
this isn’t a prediction; it’s a guarantee!
The peace we seek
is certain under God’s Kingdom.